welcome to a very magical tool
that was just a cheesy video effect
today's show we're gonna have some real
magic that's right Heidi is going to
introduce us to two of the world's
biggest prestidigitators not on this
show you're not no no no a
prestidigitator is a magician oh well in
that case you're wondering why would you
have a magician on this show that's
because I think magic is cool in order
to spice tool time up or intern tool
time into cool time ladies and gentlemen
please welcome Penn & Teller
great to have you on to share oh it's
great to be here I'm such a I'm such a
big fan at tool time
tell her how about you he doesn't talk
an assistant who doesn't talk I like to
switch I got 20 bucks right here so
where's my wallet oh that's good he's
very good he's that's really fun
you're very good huh so so what other
tricks are you gonna show us today we're
gonna show you the Houdini box escape
you didn't box escape box here solid
plywood need someone to examine to make
sure there are no trapdoors or secret
panels or anything anybody Tim why don't
you why don't you examine it here you're
the expert on structural integrity check
it out and check it on the inside
shooter check the bottom there make sure
there are no trapdoors let trapdoor I
want to choose no catch there or
anything just just try let's check it
out there there we go there we go are
you doing in there Tim I'm in a box okay
so what happens now well if he were
Houdini he'd be escaping in about 38
seconds huh but since it's Tim it's
gonna be a while
get comfortable what excellent trick
so you want to do it's Al's tool time
now
all right well Kelly saw this in half
how about we'd saw teller in half he's
number let me out of here it's my show
yep
loves your show right here look at that
so you can stop in half just like to use
our tool well why don't we use the
Binford 6100 power handsaw
that's too much soft for al save your
oxygen this works most the time we give
it a shot
beautiful now let's just brew you it all
the way through
it's no good
I'd like to see how it's done okay just
up well we're not murderers so we just
have teller squished up in the top a box
find some flunky backstage and use him
to play the part of the feet very nice